begin is Rita
I thought my work was done I was wrong
news of the villa attack has spread
across the city we were certain that you
were dead what do you intend to do once
more I must venture into the fray
but recruiting enemies of the state we
arm those have been disarmed by the more
char
you are the leader of the assassins now
unite them at the earth water and take
back Roma the greed corruption the
tyranny my enemies have spread will burn
to the ground from the ashes of
vengeance
a new Rome will rise
I on our dough is good to see your
friend I have constructed war machines
they are very well designed at you
we here dedicate our lives to protecting
the freedom of humanity now and offer
the choice to you
go kill that mentor finish what you
started if I want to take I take if I
want you to die you die
you